Help find and troubleshoot pprof installation (#15)
r-prof/proffer: README.Rmd

remotes::install_github("r-prof/proffer")
```

> To use functions `pprof()` and `serve_pprof()`, [`pprof`](https://github.com/google/pprof) needs to be installed. Installing `pprof` is hard, so if you have trouble, please do not hesitate to [open an issue](https://github.com/r-prof/proffer/issues) and ask for help. And if you cannot install `pprof`, then [`profvis`](https://rstudio.github.io/profvis/) is an excellent alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use functions `pprof()` and `serve_pprof()`, [`pprof`](https://github.com/google/pprof) needs to be installed. This requires a working Go installation and Graphviz. If you have trouble, please do not hesitate to [open an issue](https://github.com/r-prof/proffer/issues) and ask for help. The [`profvis`](https://rstudio.github.io/profvis/) package is an excellent alternative with fewer dependencies.
```

As you follow the installation instructions below, you can run `test_pprof()`, `assert_pprof()`, or `pprof_path()` at any time to see if `proffer` can find and use `pprof`. If these functions succeed early, you are already done.

> 1. Install the [`RProtoBuf`](https://github.com/eddelbuettel/rprotobuf) package. On Linux, you also need to install the supporting protocol buffer libraries, e.g. `sudo apt-get install protobuf-compiler libprotobuf-dev libprotoc-dev` on Ubuntu.

Reviewer: {RProtoBuf} is a strong dependency now. Any problems that have occurred here will already have occurred when installing the package.

```suggestion
```
